mpsl: Allow application to specify MPSL assert handler. (#4193)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: include/mpsl/mpsl_assert.rst

.. _mpsl_assert:

Multiprotocol Service Layer assert
##################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> 

Reviewer: Can you start with an intro on what this library is for and why you would use it?
Something like:

The Multiprotocol Service Layer assert library makes it possible to add a custom assert handler to the :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl` library.
You can then use this assert handler to ...? (print custom error messages? recover from errors?)

Author: updated

> If :option:`CONFIG_MPSL_ASSERT_HANDLER` is enabled, the application must provide the definition of :c:func:`mpsl_assert_handle`.
> The :c:func:`mpsl_assert_handle` function will be invoked whenever the MPSL code encounters an unrecoverable error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_ASSERT_HANDLER` enables the custom assert handler.
If enabled, the application must provide the definition of :c:func:`mpsl_assert_handle`.
The :c:func:`mpsl_assert_handle` function is invoked whenever the MPSL code encounters an unrecoverable error.
```

Author: updated

.. _mpsl_assert:

Multiprotocol Service Layer assert
##################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The Multiprotocol Service Layer assert library makes it possible to add a custom assert handler to the :ref:nrfxlib:mpsl library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Multiprotocol Service Layer assert library makes it possible to add a custom assert handler to the :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl` library.
```

Author: updated

You can then use this assert handler to print custom error messages or log assert information.

:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_ASSERT_HANDLER` enables the custom assert handler.
If enabled, the application must provide the definition of :c:func:`mpsl_assert_handle`.
The :c:func:`mpsl_assert_handle` function is invoked whenever the MPSL code encounters an unrecoverable error.

API documentation
*****************

.. doxygengroup:: mpsl_assert
   :project: nrf
   :members:

> | Header file: :file:`include/mpsl/mpsl_assert.h`

Reviewer: This must be moved about the doxygengroup.

Author: updated
